---
title: ハントパス
---
!とりあえずwikiからこぴぺ

The Hunt Pass – a brand new way to earn seasonal rewards – is now available to all Slayers looking for a challenge. The pass consists of 50 levels and two tracks: the Basic (free) track and the Elite track. You can check on your progress and view potential prizes by talking to Gregario in Ramsgate Plaza.

Hunt Pass
The Hunt Pass – a brand new way to earn seasonal rewards – is now available to all Slayers looking for a challenge. The pass consists of 50 levels and two tracks: the Basic (free) track and the Elite track. You can check on your progress and view potential prizes by talking to Gregario in Ramsgate Plaza.

⠀

BASIC TRACK

All Slayers start out with free access to the Basic track – the topmost track visible when you look at the Hunt Pass. This track offers rewards every handful of levels, with prizes including emotes, platinum, and valuable reagents.

Hunt-pass-upgrade-before.jpg

⠀

ELITE TRACK

On the bottom half of the Hunt Pass, you’ll see the Elite track. This track costs 1,000 platinum to unlock, but if you make it all the way to the end (Level 50), you’ll earn 500 platinum back! Ace chips, notes, and exclusive transmogs are sprinkled throughout the track as well.

Hunt-pass-purchase-before.jpg

⠀

LEVELING YOUR HUNT PASS

As you progress through each season and complete special tasks, you’ll earn parts as a reward for your hard work. Every 100 parts you earn will unlock a level in your Hunt Pass. Earn 5,000 over the course of seasons to unlock all 50 levels. You can check on your progress and view potential prizes by talking to Gregario in Ramsgate Plaza.

⠀

SKIPPING AHEAD

If you’re running short on time or just want to get closer to a particular prize, you can drop 200 platinum to skip ahead to the next level in your Hunt Pass. Each level skip costs the same amount of platinum, and you can skip as few or as many levels as you like. Already halfway to the next Hunt Pass level? No sweat. Your progress will carry over so that you don’t miss a beat.

Hunt-pass-elite-before.jpg

⠀

CLAIMING REWARDS

All rewards you earn through the Hunt Pass can be redeemed by speaking to Gregario. Click the purple Claim Rewards button to pick up your prizes. Please note that this button will only appear if you have completed a level that offers rewards.

Hunt-pass-upgrade-claim-rewards.gif

⠀

SEASON DETAILS

Dates

- Hunt Pass Season 1: Frostfall began on December 6th, 2018 and ended on January 9th, 2019.

- Hunt Pass Season 2: Saint's Bond began on January 30th, 2019 and ended on March 13th, 2019.

- Hunt Pass Season 3: Overgrowth began on March 13th, 2019 and ended on April 22nd, 2019.

- Hunt Pass Season 4: Burndown began on April 24th, 2019 and ends on May 21nd, 2019.

- Hunt Pass Season 5: Hidden Blades begins on May 21st, 2019.
